README.md, before:

<div align="center">
    <a href="https://baander.app" target="_blank">
        <img src="/docs/assets/baander-logo.svg" width="200" alt="Baander Logo">
        <p style="font-weight:bold;font-size:48px">Bånder</p>
    </a>
</div>


<h4 align="center">Media server for the modern generation</h4>

<div>
    <img alt="GitHub License" src="https://img.shields.io/github/license/baander-app/baander">
    <img alt="GitHub top language" src="https://img.shields.io/github/languages/top/baander-app/baander">

</div>

## Table of Contents

<!-- TOC -->
  * [Table of Contents](#table-of-contents)
  * [Development](#development)
  * [License](#license)
  * [Copyright](#copyright)
<!-- TOC -->

## Development

- [Configure host](/docs/dev_setup_host.md)
- [Platform development](/docs/dev_workflow.md)
- [Test users](/docs/dev_users.md)
- [Docker services](/docs/dev_docker_services.md)
- [Phpstorm configuration](/docs/phpstorm.md)
- [Using XDebug](/docs/xdebug.md)

# Screenshots

![#login page](/docs/images/readme/page_login.png)
![#albums page](/docs/images/readme/page_albums.png)
![#songs page](/docs/images/readme/page_songs.png)
![#songs lyrics page](/docs/images/readme/page_songs_lyrics.png)

## Api documentation

We use [Scramble](https://scramble.dedoc.co/) to generate the documentation.

Visit `yourapp.tld/api/docs` for the documentation page.
![#login page](/docs/images/readme/page_api_docs.png)

The openapi collection is available at `yourapp.tld/api/docs.json`

## License

Apache 2.0 See [LICENSE](/LICENSE)

## Copyright

Copyright 2024 <a href="https://www.juul.xyz/">Martin Christiansen</a>

Commit message:

docs: add api-explorer note

README.md, after:

<div align="center">
    <a href="https://baander.app" target="_blank">
        <img src="/docs/assets/baander-logo.svg" width="200" alt="Baander Logo">
        <p style="font-weight:bold;font-size:48px">Bånder</p>
    </a>
</div>


<h4 align="center">Media server for the modern generation</h4>

<div>
    <img alt="GitHub License" src="https://img.shields.io/github/license/baander-app/baander">
    <img alt="GitHub top language" src="https://img.shields.io/github/languages/top/baander-app/baander">

</div>

## Table of Contents

<!-- TOC -->
  * [Table of Contents](#table-of-contents)
  * [Development](#development)
  * [License](#license)
  * [Copyright](#copyright)
<!-- TOC -->

## Development

- [Configure host](/docs/dev_setup_host.md)
- [Platform development](/docs/dev_workflow.md)
- [Test users](/docs/dev_users.md)
- [Docker services](/docs/dev_docker_services.md)
- [Phpstorm configuration](/docs/phpstorm.md)
- [Using XDebug](/docs/xdebug.md)

# Screenshots

![#login page](/docs/images/readme/page_login.png)
![#albums page](/docs/images/readme/page_albums.png)
![#songs page](/docs/images/readme/page_songs.png)
![#songs lyrics page](/docs/images/readme/page_songs_lyrics.png)

## Api documentation

We use [Scramble](https://scramble.dedoc.co/) to generate the documentation.

See the repository [https://github.com/baander-app/api-explorer](api-explorer) or the latest deployed documentation at [api-docs.baander.dev](https://api-docs.baander.dev/)

Visit `yourapp.tld/api/docs` for the documentation page.
![#login page](/docs/images/readme/page_api_docs.png)

The openapi collection is available at `yourapp.tld/api/docs.json`

## License

Apache 2.0 See [LICENSE](/LICENSE)

## Copyright

Copyright 2024 <a href="https://www.juul.xyz/">Martin Christiansen</a>
